---
layout: post
title:  "Doug & Amy's 2024"
date:   2024-12-14 15:55:57 -0700
categories: Christmas 
---
We are trying a new way to send out our Christmas letter this year. We haven't been very consistent about getting these done over the years, and we always seem to wait until the last minute, so we're going to rely on technology to save us! Technology never lets us down, right?!

Even though we have been empty nesters for a while, we continue to adjust to this new phase of life. We enjoy seeing our boys living their lives, seeing their growing relationships with wife/fiancee/girlfriend, their kid (in James' case), and their journeys through school and work.

Joseph has now graduated from University of Northern Colorado with his bachelors degree(s) and has moved on to Colorado State University as he pursues his post-graduate degree(s). He continues to date Angela and we have enjoyed getting to know her better. **UPDATE: Joseph and Angela got engaged on December 21st (Doug and Amy's anniversary)!!!**

James and Hannah have a growing family. We have enjoyed seeing Elias grow into a boy who loves to point out electrical outlets and Exit signs and play with Thomas the Train. Now he has a sister on the way sometime early in 2025!

The day before Thanksgiving we got the exciting news that Josh and his girlfriend Natalie got engaged while in the Bahamas on a Thanksgiving week cruise! I still think proposing in a trailer park in Fort Collins is the right way to do it, but kids these days... They are still living in New Jersey with jobs in New York City.

Amy is still teaching kindergarten at Options. For those who don't know, Options is an enrichment school for homeschool families who bring their kids to the school one day a week. Amy has three sets of kids, teaching Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday of each week.

Doug is getting close to a decade at Hewlett Packard Enterprise (after a previous decade-long stint at the original Hewlett Packard with eight years in ministry in between). He's been in a new group for the last couple of years, working on networking equipment for supercomputers in the Cray High Performance Computing group in HPE.

After being a part of a house church for a few years, we have re-engaged with a local church here in Greeley, Saint Patrick Presbyterian. We've enjoyed new friendships there and getting back into serving there in various capacities (although when Doug is doing sound and someone complains of ringing he can't hear, it makes him wonder how long he can do it).

We have enjoyed having a couple opportunities to travel to see Josh and Natalie and see the sights of New York City over the last couple of years. We also appreciate having James and Hannah and Joseph and Angela close to home and getting to see them from time to time.



Part of our new church experience has involved paying more attention to the Church Calendar (and a more liturgical approach to the practice of faith in general) than we have experienced previously. Doug has been reading a book of collected messages about Advent which emphasizes the fact that Advent is less about anticipating Christmas, Jesus' first Advent (his first arrival, God as a human child), and is more about remembering his second Advent, yet to come. In that waiting (the "in between time") there is great hope in that despite the darkness and struggle we see day to day in the world around us:

> Living between the times requires not only transvision (seeing across, through, and beyond) but also a kind of double vision. The life of each individual Christian will be shaped and formed by her identity as part of the body of Christ, but at the same time and *through the same lens* she will see the whole of humanity and all of creation as the great theater of the activity of the living God. The acts of God are often hidden and must be discerned by faith; in the now, we may often feel that we are stumbling in the dark. But in the not-yet, ahead of us, shines the Light of the World, the Daystar from on high, the "light to lighten the gentiles." He comes to us from the future that belongs only to God, a future guaranteed by the One who created the world ex nihilo— out of nothing - in the beginning.
>
> "Advent: The Once and Future Coming of Christ", Fleming Rutledge

May that hope be present for each of you and your loved ones this Christmas season and on into 2025!

Grace and Peace,
Doug and Amy Dale