---
layout: post
title:  "Doug & Amy's 2025"
categories: Christmas 
---
It has been another eventful year in our lives as we continue to enjoy watching the progression of our boys' lives as they get married, grow their families, and pursue their careers.

About this time last year, Joseph and Angela announced their engagement. This year we experienced the joy of seeing them wed on May 24th. It's been wonderful to get to know Angela and the wedding and all the activities around it gave us the opportunity to get to know her family. Joseph continues his graduate Meteorology studies at Colorado State University. Angela moved from an intern role at Burris Optics into a full time position.

James and Hannah welcomed their second child, Alexandra, on February 27th of this year. We are so happy to have her and Elias as our first grandchildren! James and Hannah also purchased a house earlier this year in Johnstown. Buying a first house has always been a significant milestone, but it seems to be a step that is even more difficult to take in the economy we now have. James now works for Weld County doing IT work. Hannah is busy at home with the two little ones.

Josh and Natalie announced their engagement last year as well and we are looking forward to their wedding in June 2026. They spent a few years in the New York City area which afforded us the opportunity to visit NYC a few times, but we were thrilled when they moved back to Colorado this past year. They are currently living in Westminster. Josh is working for Amazon in Denver (Amazon Web Services), and Natalie is working for Beacon Hill, also in Denver.

Amy continues to work as a Kindergarten teacher at Options (a homeschool enrichment program that meets three days a week). In November, Doug entered into a "Retirement Transition Program" at Hewlett Packard Enterprise, moving to a 75% part-time schedule. He hopes to continue working for a couple of more years, but this gives him the opportunity to adjust to having more time and less money!

Wishing you all a wonderful Advent and Christmas season!

Grace and Peace,\
Doug and Amy Dale

> "In him was life, and that life was the light of men. That light shines in the darkness, and yet the darkness did not overcome it. ... Indeed, we have all received grace upon grace from his fullness, for the law was given through Moses; grace and truth came through Jesus Christ."
> 
> John 1:4-5,16-17

> "The rumors of grace, forgiveness, and the redemption of all things are true. Everything is going to be okay."
> 
> Dan van Voorhis, "The Christian History Almanac" Podcast